NOT-OPTIONAL:
Anthony: (STATION PASS-THROUGH FIX)Trains moving over switches end up passing stations (Reserve route checks?) //Anna made a quick and dirty fix, see done.
Us: Documentation all over the code


Optional:
Anthony: More options for the textfield output
Anna: send no route to station message when train is requesting a station
Anthony: Remove the trains when they arrive at the station?
Anna: Need some sort of hook that lets me know if there is no route to the station

(DONE) Anna: Let trains know when there is a route so they can check for it to be clear, then try to reserve it again.
(DONE) Anna: (MULTI-TRAIN)If I set a train down on the same track and let it go, it won't wait for the track to be reserved before going? //Response: Nope! XD Next on
(DONE) Anna: Implement ABORT_RESERVE. Sends back to train a 'wait for later' and unreserves the tracks previously reserved. //note: make another data structure in message for this? reservedList? routeList?
Anthony: Per the spec, "Two trains cannot be on the same track". I don't do a check for this, not sure how. (Reserve route checks?) //Anna: Best way to do it is make sure no train goes until its whole route is reserved. The above comment will varify that.
(DONE)Us: Public methods above private methods in all files.
(DONE)Anna: Quick and dirty fix of trains passing through stations. (Only Y movement.) Can be improved.
(DONE)Anna: Verify that switch lights are working correctly. Note response: The light locations look great.
(DONE)Anna: (UNRESERVE MSG)send unreserve route when train is leaving a component (new message)
(DONE)Anthony: Make the station object creation more dynamic and allow for more stations on one side than the other
(DONE)Anthony: Make switches look not awful, some visual display of reservation.
(DONE)Anthony: Make switch lights better
(DONE)Anthony: Bugs with trainyard display
(DONE)Anna: (SWITCH RESERVE FIX)Switches don't properly reserve themselves. It seems like reserved is always false...
(DONE)Anna: Photo editing: 1.) draw a reserved track, 2.) make switch
